entity.gundam.AmuroRay.name=Amuro Ray
entity.gundam.BrightNoa.name=Bright Noa
entity.gundam.CharAznable.name=Char Aznable
entity.gundam.DomonKassu.name=Domon Kassu
entity.gundam.FullFrontal.name=Full Frontal
entity.gundam.MasterAsia.name=Master Asia
entity.gundam.MS-04_Prototype_Zaku.name=MS-04 Prototype Zaku
entity.gundam.MS-05A_Zaku_I_Early_Type.name=MS-05A Zaku I Early Type
entity.gundam.MSZ-006_Zeta_Gundam.name=MSZ-006 Zeta Gundam
entity.gundam.QuattroBajeena.name=Quattro Bajeena
entity.gundam.RX-78-2_Gundam.name=RX-78-2 Gundam

gui.gundam.ms_crafting_station.craft=Craft
gui.gundam.ms_crafting_station.prev=Prev
gui.gundam.ms_crafting_station.next=Next

gui.gundam.humantype.select=Select your Humantype
gui.gundam.humantype.newtype=Newtype
gui.gundam.humantype.oldtype=Oldtype

hud.gundam.newtype.name=Newtype Information
hud.gundam.newtype.mob=%s (Health=%f) (X=%d, Y=%d, Z=%d)

itemGroup.gundam=MS Gundam Mod

item.gundam.char_aznable_mask.name=Char Aznable's Mask
item.gundam.g_controller.name=G-Controller
item.gundam.gundarium_alpha_ingot.name=Gundarium α
item.gundam.gundarium_beta_ingot.name=Gundarium β
item.gundam.gundarium_epsilon_ingot.name=Gundarium ε
item.gundam.gundarium_gamma_ingot.name=Gundarium γ
item.gundam.luna_titanium_ingot.name=Luna Titanium Ingot
item.gundam.portable_vernier.name=Portable Vernier
item.gundam.steel_ingot.name=Steel Ingot
item.gundam.super_hard_steel_ingot.name=Super-hard Steel Ingot
item.gundam.wrench.name=Wrench

key.categories.gundam=MS Gundam Mod
key.call_mobile_fighter=Call Mobile Fighter
key.ms_grab_weapon_left_inc=Grab next left weapon
key.ms_grab_weapon_left_dec=Grab previous left weapon
key.ms_grab_weapon_right_inc=Grab next right weapon
key.ms_grab_weapon_right_dec=Grab previous right weapon
key.ms_left_weapon=Switch to Left Weapon
key.ms_right_weapon=Switch to Right Weapon
key.use_vernier=Use Vernier

tile.gundam.luna_titanium_block.name=Luna Titanium Block
tile.gundam.luna_titanium_ore.name=Luna Titanium Ore
tile.gundam.moon_rock.name=Moon Rock
tile.gundam.ms_crafting_station.name=MS Crafting Station